README.md, before:

# Server for Unciv written in Python

It's a simple webserver for Unciv that uses the Python built in http.server module.

## Installation

Make sure you have Python3 installed.
The server was tested with Python 3.9 and 3.10.

Use [git](https://git-scm.com) to download the Unciv_server

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mape6/Unciv_server.git
cd Unciv_server
```

## Usage

```
usage: Unciv_server.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-l {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}]

This is a simple HTTP webserver for Unciv

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  Specifies the port on which the server should listen (default: 80)
  -l {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}, --log-level {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}
                        Change logging level (default: WARNING)
```

This webserver does not support TLS for secured HTTPS connections. I suggest to use a reverse proxy in front of this webserver to take care of the certificate and termination of the TLS sessions.


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.


## License
This project is [MPL-2.0](https://github.com/Mape6/Unciv_server/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Added game log files
A feature to have additional log files for each game in a separate logs folder

README.md, after:

# Server for Unciv written in Python

It's a simple webserver for Unciv that uses the Python built in http.server module.

## Installation

Make sure you have Python3 installed.
The server was tested with Python 3.9 and 3.10.

Use [git](https://git-scm.com) to download the Unciv_server

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mape6/Unciv_server.git
cd Unciv_server
```

## Usage

```
usage: Unciv_server.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-g]
                       [-l {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}]

This is a simple HTTP webserver for Unciv

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  Specifies the port on which the server should listen
                        (default: 80)
  -g, --game-logfiles   Writes separate logfiles for each game
  -l {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}, --log-level {CRITICAL,ERROR,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG}
                        Change logging level (default: WARNING)
```

This webserver does not support TLS for secured HTTPS connections. I suggest to use a reverse proxy in front of this webserver to take care of the certificate and termination of the TLS sessions.


## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.


## License
This project is [MPL-2.0](https://github.com/Mape6/Unciv_server/blob/main/LICENSE) licensed.
